Here we are 2013.
We all depend on technology
to communicate, to bank,
and none of us know
how to read and write code!
The first program I wrote asked things like
"What's your favorite color?" or
"How old are you?"
I wrote a program to play tic-tac-toe.
I first learned how to make a green circle
in a red square appear on the screen.
You're just trying to make something,
trying to transfer something from your mind
to the computer or to a tablet.
It's a - it's a - it's an experience.
The whole limit in the system is just
that there just aren't enough people
who are trained and
have these skills today.
The programmers of tomorrow
are the wizards of the future.
You know, you're going to look like
you have magic powers compared to everybody else.
Great coders are today's rock stars.
That's it!